[Kall-Su cackling]
[Kall-Su] Meta-llicana is about to fall.
With just a little more time,
the second seal will be mine.
Not to mention--
[man] Master Kall-Su! A crisis, my lord!
What is it now?
[man] The ninja fortress
in Grave Valley was destroyed.
Also, the ninja army
and Ninja Master Gara have…
[Kall-Su] What?
Has Gara defected
from the Four Divine Kings?
[man] Unfortunately, it's true, sir.
[Kall-Su] I can't believe Gara
would betray us.
Something must have happened
between him and Dark Schneider.
I know Gara's a ninja,
but he's a warrior at heart.
-In truth, he's a simple man.
-[Dark Schneider laughing]
[Kall-Su] Is it possible that he fell
for Dark Schneider's deceitful tricks?
Deliver this message to the Third Army
as they attack Meta-llicana!
One of the Four Divine Kings
is also an incredible swordsman.
Arshes Nei.
Even her allies tremble in fear
at how merciless she is.
She'd never fall for one
of Dark Schneider's dirty tricks.
If Dark Schneider has chosen
to undermine the Four Divine Kings,
then he has chosen to die!
He is our enemy!
So we'll kill him
before he grows stronger.
Death is all that awaits him!
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[soldiers screaming]
DESTINY
[Head Knight] Let us show the world
our power and honor!
[knights shouting]
[knight grunting]
[priest] Your Highness, our army
is succeeding at keeping the enemy at bay.
If this keeps up, I believe the enemy
will accept our proposal
to begin peace negotiations.
[Head Priest] Mm-hmm.
[Geo] We're up against Kall-Su
and the Dark Rebel Army here.
A peaceful resolution is a fool's hope.
Hmm?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Geo] What a powerful lightning strike.
It's one of the Four Divine Kings.
[soldier] Empress Nei,
a messenger has arrived from Meta-llicana
bearing a letter
that formally requests a peace talk.
-[Arshes] Kill him and send back his body.
-[soldier] Yes.
[Arshes] I, Arshes Nei, the leader of
the Third Army of the Four Divine Kings,
will not accept surrender from anyone.
If their people want to live,
they must defeat us.
If they lose, we will kill them all.
Those are the rules of war.
Have they forgotten so easily?
[soldier] As you wish.
Empress Nei!
A message from Lord Kall-Su!
[Arshes] From Kall-Su?
[woman] He has issued an order
for us to kill Dark Schneider!
-Dark Schneider?
-[soldiers gasping]
The whispers of his resurrection are true!
[Arshes] I knew it.
What happened to Gara?
He was assigned to look into the rumor.
Well… well, he…
[Arshes] What do you mean "he defected"?
[woman] The thousand-strong
ninja army led by Master Gara
disappeared into thin air
when the fortress was destroyed.
Their whereabouts are currently unknown.
[Arshes] Gara,
what the hell are you doing?
[Arshes grunting]
[Arshes scoffing]
[Arshes] Dark Schneider.
Darsh.
The time has finally come
for me to kill you…
with my own hands!
[contemplative music playing]
[Arshes grunting]
What is this?
Is this a dream?
Where am I?
Wait. This place is--
-[Dark Schneider] You're right.
-[Arshes gasping]
It's in this very place that we first met.
[Arshes] Darsh!
It's been so long, Arsh.
An Illusion spell.
I should've known.
My, my. You haven't changed in 15 years.
I guess that's 'cause
of your elven blood.
A dark elf's blood.
Way back when.
When I took you in after you got separated
from your tribe in the war.
You were just a kid.
[Arshes] Did you really visit my dreams
just to talk about old times?
Remember, Darsh,
you and I are enemies now.
Tell me. What do you really want?
[Dark Schneider grunting]
So your body isn't the only thing
that hasn't changed.
You're still bitchy, aren't you?
In case you've forgotten,
I pretty much raised you.
For 100 years I raised you.
And look, you grew into an adult
with a ridiculously hot body!
[Arshes moaning]
[Dark Schneider] I love you, you know?
So, don't go disobedient on me. Okay?
[Arshes moaning]
I wouldn't want you
to turn into an enemy. You hear me?
[Arshes] Stop!
Good girl. Good girl.
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] You're trying to use my feelings
just to manipulate me again!
Just like you did 15 years ago.
You want me
wrapped around your little finger!
I don't like where this is going.
You beast!
You're nothing more than a pervert!
-[Arshes shouting]
-[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Dark Schneider shouting] Ow!
[Dark Schneider groaning]
[Dark Schneider] Huh?
You and I
were practically always together,
but you built that filthy harem of yours
and kept it secret from me!
Do you think
I'll ever let you forget that?
[Dark Schneider] You can't blame a guy
for wanting a harem!
Oh, don't you even start!
[Dark Schneider grunting, groaning]
A command has been issued
to kill you, and I'll oblige!
I'll make sure you never come back!
Slayer, slayer! Oh, lightning of Balmor's!
Balbolt!
[soldiers grunting, straining]
-[soldier] What's that?
-[soldier 2] Empress Nei!
[soldier] It's Empress Nei!
Sean Ari.
Someone get Sean Ari, now!
[Sean] I am at your side, Empress Nei.
You're aware of the order
to kill Dark Schneider?
Regretfully, I'm unable
to leave my post at this time.
So, you shall go in my place.
Sean Ari, as one of the Three Sorcerer
Generals serving me, Arshes Nei,
you must use your powers
to kill Dark Schneider at all costs.
Yes! As you wish, Empress Nei!
[Lars] Using that Illusion spell
to talk to Nei and win here over
didn't really work out for you, did it?
You made her mad.
I wouldn't be surprised in the slightest
if she's laid some traps for you up ahead.
Oh, like I'd really fall
for one of her traps? Give me a break!
The girl was pretty crazy
about you 15 years ago.
So that was likely a giant shock for her.
I mean, can't we admit that a dark elf
and an evil wizard is a funny combination?
Come on!
[Dark Schneider] Shut up!
[Lars] Ouch!
And while we're at it,
why the hell are you following me, anyway?
You would be better off
following Yoko or Gara.
The rebels have attacked our castle.
The Third Army seems to be leading them,
so we need to get back there right now.
Uh, of course.
I'll go as well.
[Lars] I couldn't just stand there
when I saw you sneak off
away from the Princess' group.
I thought it best to keep my eye on you.
Damn you. Let's be clear about something.
You being a small and pathetic animal
is the only reason I haven't killed you.
If you'd shown up in your previous form,
I would have
sliced you to pieces on the spot!
So, if you don't mind,
please be grateful to the handsome,
kind, and gentle Dark Schneider, okay?
[Lars giggling]
What's that about?
I don't know. You seem different.
I can't quite put my finger on it.
-I am who I am.
-[woman screaming]
Huh?
[woman panting] Help!
[rock music playing]
-[woman grunting]
-[creature chittering]
The hell? A spider?
[Lars exclaiming]
[woman gasping]
Help me! Please help!
[Lars] Wait! Dark Schneider!
It's fishy to find a spider
in the mountains, right? 'Cause--
Oh, don't you dare ruin it for me, Lars!
I am a hero, a handsome one at that,
so there's only one thing to do.
Seek and destroy,
oh spirit of the sinful inferno!
Blood fire,
death into the Void! [screaming]
Wait.
Talisman magic!
The sorcerer who used it
to summon the spider must be nearby!
So, High Ancient Magic.
One of the secret arts.
I can't say that I was expecting this.
Begs the question too,
who else, besides me, was capable of this?
Who else could revive the lost art?
Someone strong!
Shut up!
This is nothing.
This magic's no match for me at all!
-[woman] Um, excuse me.
-Huh?
Thank you for saving me.
I'd like to repay you if I could.
[Dark Schneider] Hmm.
[woman] Hmm?
[Dark Schneider] Mmm, indeed.
Have you been traveling for a while?
Yeah. Sort of, anyway.
[woman] You must be tired
from walking all day,
especially in a remote place like this.
Well, conveniently, I live nearby.
So would you like to rest
at my house for a bit?
We're in the middle of the mountains,
so it's not like we really have much here.
But still, come on in.
Um, I'll go ask them to make us some tea.
Grandpa!
We have visitors!
Grandpa?
She must be
a daughter of one of the local lords.
You're acting cool,
but I know you too well.
You're already thinking dirty,
perverted little thoughts, aren't you?
[Dark Schneider exclaiming, groaning]
I know what kind of man you are,
Dark Schneider.
And at the moment, you're thinking--
Ouch!
[Dark Schneider chomping]
[woman gasping]
[Lars] Uh…
Thanks a lot for all the food.
[woman] You've got a huge appetite.
You're a big eater.
Magic uses up a lot of energy,
so I'll take whatever food
I can get my hands on.
Along with any women, for that matter.
What a disgusting perv--
Ouch!
[Dark Schneider munching, gasping]
Chew your food! It isn't that hard!
[woman gasping]
[woman] B-by the way,
just what brings you to the mountains
during these turbulent times?
I certainly hope
it's not the fierce battle
going on at Meta-llicana Castle.
Well, I've just got
some family business to handle.
You see, one of my family members
pulled a stupid, little prank.
Since someone has to clean up after her,
I figured that I would do it.
[Lars] Hey.
You know,
this region is under Nei's control.
But despite that, the people living
in this mansion haven't run away.
They're still living here in peace.
Don't you think that's--
Oh, shut up, Lars.
Even if something does happen,
I'm the handsome, young hero here.
So it's not like they're gonna beat me.
[knocking on door]
Huh?
[dramatic music playing]
[gasping] Dark Schneider,
are you seeing this!
-[footsteps approaching]
-[door closing]
Excuse me, Dark Schneider.
I don't mean to bother you,
but are you asleep?
Not at all. I'm still wide awake.
[bed creaking]
M-my family has a tradition.
When someone saves
an unwed daughter of ours,
well, we give him her vir-- her virginity,
and the family attends to his needs.
Is that okay? Uh…
Well, that sounds good to me.
What a noble tradition, huh?
[woman gasping]
No! It's a trap!
Don't do it, Dark Schneider--
That hurt.
[woman moaning]
[woman gasping]
Pl-please be gentle with me.
Okay?
I know. I know.
[woman moaning]
[woman gasping]
[Lars' breath shuddering]
Oh, not there!
[woman moaning]
[woman exclaiming]
Dark Schneider, please don't hurt me!
Don't worry, now. [gasping]
She's got marks on her skin
from wearing armor.
-[Dark Schneider grunting]
-[talisman pulsating]
What?
-[Dark Schneider grunting, straining]
-[intense music playing]
[woman cackling]
Looks like you fell for it,
Dark Schneider!
And unfortunately for you,
that spider never lets go of it's prey.
Too bad that talisman I put on you
neutralizes magic.
You're as helpless as a newborn baby now!
Dark Schneider! Oh no!
[Dark Schneider grunting]
You're an assassin?
I'm actually one of
the most powerful sorcerers in the world.
One of the Three Sorcerer Generals,
Sean Ari.
It seems you were unable to resist
the temptations of a willing virgin,
despite being strong enough
to defeat Ninja Master Gara.
Does that sound about right?
[Dark Schneider] You use Talisman Magic?
You don't fool me.
I know you're not powerful enough
to resurrect the High Ancient Magic alone.
So tell me, who helps you?
[Sean] Hmm. How very perceptive.
I suppose I can tell you.
One of the Four Generals,
known as the Empress of Thunder,
Empress Arshes Nei!
[Dark Schneider] Nei?
She's powerful enough to do that?
Say goodbye, lady-killer!
Talisman Magic!
Ritual Spider, devour him!
[Dark Schneider screaming]
[squelching, crunching]
[Sean cackling]
[Sean] I did it!
Everyone said you were invincible,
but I defeated you all by myself!
Empress Nei will be overjoyed
by this news!
-[Dark Schneider] That's amazing!
-Huh?
[Dark Schneider] That was amazing!
Really hot stuff!
There are few things hotter in this world
than watching a virgin
shake her juicy ass.
[Sean] D-Dark Schneider?
[Lars gasping]
How could… But then who's that over there?
[dramatic music playing]
[Sean gasping]
[Sean] An Illusion spell?
Exactly right.
[squelching]
[Sean] That spell. It's the same one
he used when fighting before.
[Sean gasping, grunting]
-Hold it right there.
-[Sean grunting]
[Sean] Huh?
Wha… what the…?
Isn't the spell still…
[Sean shrieking]
Huh?
The Illusion spell is still going on.
So, come on. Can you tell
where the spell first started?
How did you do it?
When did you cast the spell?
Before you stuck the talisman on me.
[Sean] I heard Dark Schneider
was just a horny playboy.
I thought my plan was perfect!
[Sean moaning]
How long? How could you have known?
Tough luck, sweet cheeks.
Nothing ever escapes my detection.
I knew about it all along.
Like hell you did!
It was only 'cause of the marks left
by her armor, right? [exclaiming]
But why, though? Why didn't you kill me
when you had the chance?
And you had plenty of chances,
Dark Schneider!
Curiosity. You weren't entirely wrong.
I was curious
about what a virgin could do.
And because you're so beautiful.
[Sean's breath shuddering]
Me? You think I'm beautiful?
But I've been trying this whole time
to murder you.
I'm your enemy.
[Sean gasping]
Doesn't matter. You're still beautiful.
Empress Nei granted special magical powers
to each of the Three Sorcerer Generals,
so powerful that even our allies fear us.
Because of that,
no one has ever afforded me any kind words
before in my life.
But you… you're the first man
who ever told me that I'm beautiful.
I… [moaning]
[Sean] I… I…
[Dark Schneider] Don't worry.
I'll be good to you.
Come on.
[Sean whimpering]
[Sean moaning]
[Lars exclaiming]
[Sean moaning loudly]
[Lars] This is a shonen manga!
[soft music playing]
[Sean exhaling]
You know, you're really not
like how I imagined you would be.
Not at all.
Oh, really? You said I'm just a horny guy.
Turns out you called it right.
You can't go any further beyond here.
Empress Nei is truly terrifying.
She's absolutely determined to kill you.
And you should know,
there's another assassin
waiting for you up ahead.
One of the Three Sorcerer Generals
to whom Empress Nei granted
the most powerful magic.
I don't even come close
to matching the level of power they have.
Imagine that.
Don't go! You could die!
Please, Dark Schneider!
[Sean gasping]
W-wait!
Don't go! I beg you!
I don't want you to die!
You were my first,
and I want to see you again.
When the marks from your armor are gone,
I'll make you feel even better
than I did last night.
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
[Dark Schneider] See you later.
[Sean gasping]
This isn't how I wanted
to meet you, Dark Schneider.
Oh, Dark Schneider.
I wish we weren't enemies.
I wish you were the one
who ruled us instead.
Hey! Dark Schneider! So did you do it?
Did you go all the way?
Come on! What happened?
-[Dark Schneider] Shut up!
-Ouch!
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Dark Schneider] If only.
Literally, all I did was bite her ear.
[Sean moaning loudly]
[Dark Schneider] Things just aren't
working out my way.
I was close. Damn!
[ominous music playing]
[soldier] Empress Nei!
We've received word that Sean Ari
has fallen to Dark Schneider.
I see.
I guess Talisman magic
isn't strong enough to defeat Darsh.
So then, are you saying Sean is dead?
Well, Empress…
[Arshes] Out with it!
Uh, well, the… the reports say
she let Dark Schneider escape.
and then disappeared herself.
She what?
No!
Darsh seduced her, didn't he?
He was always like that!
Seducing friend and foe alike.
He'd take anyone
he could get his hands on.
Bastard!
You're a curse to women everywhere!
[Dark Schneider] Even sure things
aren't sure things these days.
[ending theme music playing]
[music fades]
[birds chirping]
[Dark Schneider]
Looks like we finally arrived.
Dark Schneider, what are you thinking?
You realize Meta-llicana castle
is under attack, even as we speak, right?
I told you already.
I'm trying to clean up after a prank
that a disappointing family member
tried to pull.
-Huh?
-What's wrong?
-Look over there.
-[Lars] Hmm?
Statues? What are they doing there?
Wait. I know what it is!
Medusa's our next foe!
The snake lady, right?
[Dark Schneider grunting]
-[Dark Schneider] Dumb ass!
-[Lars yelping]
[woman] Hey! You!
Who's there?
[rock music playing]
[woman] You're the bastard
Dark Schneider I take it?
[Lars] I-it's Medusa!
Cover your eyes, Dark Schneider!
She'll turn you to stone!
[Dark Schneider] Out of my way!
Who are you?
I'm an attendant of Empress Nei.
One of the Three Sorcerer Generals,
Kai Harn!
Thus, by the order of the Empress,
I'm going to kill you.
Oh.
So they're sending a pretty boy this time?
[music fades]